feat: ✨ principle about software as asset, code as liability (#266)
seedcase-project/design: software/principles.qmd

## Treat software as an asset, but code as a liability

Software is the set of actions that produce a given output from a set of inputs.

> This is an asset, as it is something that provides value, to us and our users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an asset because it creates value to us and our users.
```

> So software is something we want to create and create more of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So software is something we want to create and produce more of.
```
To avoid double "create"

Computer code is the set of instructions that implements the set of actions that
constitutes the software. We need code in order to produce the software asset.

> But, code also means potential bugs, it means maintenance, and it can be a
> source of security vulnerabilities. More of those things means extra, non-value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But code also means potential bugs, maintenance, and a
source of potential security vulnerabilities. More of those things means more non-value
```

> creating work. We want less of that. Which means, the code itself is a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
creating work. We want less of that. Which means the code itself is a
```

## Integrate GDPR, privacy, and security compliance

We are committed to ensuring that our software complies with GDPR and other
privacy regulations. Many of our users work with health or personally sensitive
data, so it is crucial that our software adheres to these standards.

## Treat software as an asset, but code as a liability

Software is the set of actions that produce a given output from a set of inputs.
This is an asset, as it is something that provides value, to us and to
(potentially) others. Assets are things that we want to create and we want more

> of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Software is the set of actions that produce a given output from a set of inputs.
This is an asset, as it is something that provides value, to us and
our users. So software is something we want to create and create more of.
```
Maybe? Just so the last sentence feels more conclusive and directly related to the header.

Computer code is the set of instructions that implements that set of actions in

> the software. We need code in order to produce the software asset. But, code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Computer code is the set of instructions that implements the set of actions that constitutes 
the software. We need code in order to produce the software asset. But, code
```

> also means bugs, it means maintenance, and it can be a source of security

Reviewer: ```suggestion
also means potential bugs, it means maintenance, and it can be a source of security
```

vulnerabilities. More of those things means extra, non-value creating work. We

> want less of that. The code itself is a liability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
want less of that. Which means, the code itself is a liability.
```

> What this means is, we want to produce as little code as possible to effectively

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, we want to produce as little code as possible to effectively
```

produce workable software. By viewing and treating code for what it is, as a
liability, we can be more mindful of the code that we do write. We can consider

> questions like: Is this enough to code to produce the software? Can we design

Reviewer: ```suggestion
questions like: Is this enough code to produce the software? Can we design
```

the software in a way that requires less code? Is a particular feature or change

> really necessary while still maintaining the software's value?

Reviewer 2: I agree with this in general, but I think it would be important to also emphasize that we care about our ability to understand the code. So we want to write as little code as possible while preserving function and comprehension. Otherwise I think it can come across that we sacrifice readability for less code (which is often the case in the wild). Maybe something like this:

```suggestion
What this means is, we want to write as little code as possible while still  preserving software functionality and code readability.
By viewing and treating code as a
liability, we can be more mindful of the code that we do write. We can consider
questions like: Is this enough to code to produce the software? Can we design
the software in a way that requires less code without sacrificing readability?
Is a particular feature or change really necessary?
```

> really necessary while still maintaining the software's value?

Reviewer: One thing about this is that it can sound like we would always prefer less *lines* of code, which I'm pretty sure is not the intention. So, maybe add that here; that we value code that is explicit and simple (less complex as John Ousterhout would say) over shorter code.
